Javascript: Implement `ExceptionCollectorListener` and make it default behaviour. (#38)
crate/cratedb-sqlparse: cratedb_sqlparse_js/README.md

```

### CrateDB version

You can programmatically check the CrateDB version the package was compiled for in `index.js`

```javascript
import {__cratedb_version__} from "@cratedb/cratedb-sqlparse";

console.log(__cratedb_version__)
// 5.7.2
```

### Features

> Currently, we support some of the same features as CrateDB java's parser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the parser supports a subset of the features of CrateDB's Java/ANTLR parser:
```

- First class CrateDB SQL dialect support.
- Input is case-insensitive.
- Native errors as exceptions or as objects.
- Dollar strings.
- Tables

> - Properties and Parametrized properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Properties and parametrized properties.
```

> ### Exceptions and errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Exceptions and errors
```

> By default exceptions are stored in `statement.exception`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, exceptions are stored in `statement.exception`.
```

INSERT INTO doc.tbl VALUES (1, 23, 4);
`
const statements = sqlparse(query)
const stmt = statements[0]

if (stmt.exception) {
    console.log(stmt.exception.errorMessage)
    // [line 2:43 mismatched input 'HERE' expecting {<EOF>, ';'}]

    console.log(stmt.exception.errorMessageVerbose)
    //      SELECT COUNT(*) FROM doc.tbl f HERE f.id = 1;
    //                                     ^^^^
    //      INSERT INTO doc.tbl VALUES (1, 23, 4);
}
```

In some situations, you might want sqlparse to raise an exception.

You can set `raise_exception` to `true`

```javascript
import {sqlparse} from "@cratedb/cratedb-sqlparse";

let stmt = sqlparse('SELECT COUNT(*) FROM doc.tbl f WHERE .id = 1;', true);

//         throw new ParseError(
//            ^
//
// ParseError: no viable alternative at input 'SELECT COUNT(*) FROM doc.tbl f WHERE .'
```

Catch the exception:

```javascript
import {sqlparse} from "@cratedb/cratedb-sqlparse";

try {
    sqlparse('SELECT COUNT(*) FROM doc.tbl f WHERE .id = 1;', true)
} catch (e) {
    console.log(e)
}
```

> [!NOTE]
> It will only raise the first exception it finds, even if you pass in several statements.

> ### Query metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Query metadata
```

Query metadata can be read with `statement.metadata`

```javascript
import {sqlparse} from "@cratedb/cratedb-sqlparse";

const stmt = sqlparse("SELECT A, B FROM doc.tbl12")[0]

console.log(stmt.metadata);

// Metadata {
//   tables: [ Table { name: 'tbl12', schema: 'doc' } ],
//   parameterizedProperties: {},
//   withProperties: {}
// }

```

> #### Query properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Query properties
```

Properties defined within a `WITH` statement, `statement.metadata.withProperties:`.

```javascript
import {sqlparse} from "@cratedb/cratedb-sqlparse";

const stmt = sqlparse(`
    CREATE TABLE doc.tbl12 (A TEXT) WITH (
      "allocation.max_retries" = 5,
      "blocks.metadata" = false
    );
`)[0]

console.log(stmt.metadata);

// Metadata {
//   tables: [ Table { name: 'tbl12', schema: 'doc' } ],
//   parameterizedProperties: {},
//   withProperties: { 'allocation.max_retries': '5', 'blocks.metadata': 'false' }
// }
```

#### Table name
```javascript
console.log(stmt.metadata.tables)
// [ Table { name: 'tbl12', schema: 'doc' } ]

table = stmt.metadata.tables[0]

console.log(table.schema, table.name, table.fqn)
// doc tbl12 "doc"."tbl12"
```

> #### Parameterized properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Parameterized properties
```
